abraços, abraco
Abril abril
abril. abril
Acarape acarape
aceitamos aceitar
aceita aceitar
acontecerá, acontecer
adversários adversario
advertir, advertir
affinidade afinidade
afirmativa afirmativa
alheios. alheio
Ameriça america
amigo. amigo
anarchia. anarquia
anonymos, anonimos
annullar anular
armada, armada
assignantes assinantes
associação associacao
Aviso aviso
aviso aviso
beliscões. beliscao
bolço bolco
brios brio
Brunó. bruno
carpo carpo
causa causa
cáustico caustico
cavalheiros, cavalheiro
chefe chefe
circulo circulo
confiança confianca
consulta consulta
continuarem continuar
convicção conviccao
cora cora
coro coro
côrôa coroa
coronel coronel
corpos corpo
corpo corpo
corre correr
credito credito
crescente, crescente
crimes, crime
crime, crime
crime crime
criminai) criminar
critério criterio
cruz, cruz
culpa. culpa
culpa culpa
culpa, culpa
culpado, culpar
Cunha, cunha
CUNHA, cunha
Cunha cunha
Dara‘0 dara
dará dara
decline declinar
delicio. delicio
/delicio, delicio
delicto delito
delicto, delito
‘denota denotar
depoimentos, depoimento
desespero, desespero
Deus; deus
deverá dever
devia devia
devolucção devolucao
d.ia dia
digo digo
discado, discar
disse dizer
dorme dormir
duvidando duvidar
EDITORES editor
(eleição) eleicao
elemento elemento
elementos elemento
elfo elfo
'.Emiliano emiliano
Emiliano emiliano
encontrado, encontrar
encontro encontro
envenenado envenenar
enxerga enxerga
esperamos esperar
espirito espirito
estabelecer estabelecer
evidencia evidencia
exigido. exigir
exima eximir
existência existencia
fado, fado
fallava falar
família familia
fara, fara
fará fara
facto fato
facto, fato
feira feira
FERRO ferro
Ferro; ferro
Ferro ferro
fiara fiar
fiar fiar
ficarmos ficar
filho filho
f.ilíou filiar
fluçtuava flutuar
força, forca
Formosa, formosa
fosse fossar
fóssil. fossil
França, franca
fundo fundo
genero genero
gente gente
gregos grego
hesitação, hesitacao
Homens, homem
homens homem
homicídio homicidio
homicídio*^ homicidio
importaria importar
imprensa imprensa
indivíduo individuo
infortúnio, infortunio
inicial, inicial
intima intimar
Intransigente intransigente
Janeiro janeiro
JORNAL jornal
jornal jornal
julgar julgar
justiça. justica
.Justiça justica
lato, latir
laudo laudo
lei lei
linha linha
linha; linha
lógica logica
luta. luta
luz luz
manda manda
mãos, mao
massas massa
medico medico
mentira mentira
mentiroso mentiroso
mossa mossa
multidão multidao
multidões, multidao
mutilado!... mutilado
nomes nome
novidade. novidade
numero numero
obriga obriga
olhos olho
opinando opinar
Opiniões opiniao
opinião opiniao
originaes originais
ouvido ouvido
paióis paiol
paiz pais
palavras palavra
parecer parecer
partidos partido
passou passar
peça peca
pedindo pedir
pena pena
pergunta pergunta
pergunta. pergunta
peruo, peruar
pessoa pessoa
plebiscitaria, plebiscitar
plebiscitaria plebiscitar
plebiscitos plebiscito
Politica, politica
politica. politica
politica politica
POLÍTICO, politico
políticos politico
Pompêo pompeo
presenciado presenciar
pretender pretender
prevalecer, prevalecer
processo processo
processo, processo
procura procura
produsir produzir
professamos professar
profissional profissional
Propriedade propriedade
prova prova
provas; prova
publicações, publicacao
publica. publicar
quadra, quadra
quartas quarta
Queremos querer
recado, recado
receberam receber
réis rei
republica republica
restantes restante
riscos, risco
sabbados. sabado
sahido sair
sangria, sangria
sangue sangue
secretario secretario
segui seguir
seguros seguro
semelhante semelhante
sentidos sentido
serão serao
servis, servir
sido sido
sobreTudò, sobretudo
social social
Sólidos solido
subscrever. subscrever
subscripção subscricao
subsistir, subsistir
substancio^» substanciar
substituir substituir
substitua substituir
suicida, suicida
suicídio; suicidio
suicídio suicidio
Suicídio suicidio
supposto, suposto
suspeitas, suspeita
tarefa tarefa
tario tario
taxa taxa
telegraphada telegrafada
tempos, tempo
Tendo tender
terem terem
Terla terla
termo termo
tinha tinha
tirada tirada
Traga, tragar
tratando tratar
tratar tratar
t^ria triar
troyanos. troianos
ultimo ultimo
unidade unidade
Unitário unitario
UNITÁRIO unitario
Unitário, unitario
valería valeria
valia, valia
veias veia
verdade, verdade
vestigios. vestigio
vezos vezo
vista vista
visto visto
victima vitima
volta volta
vontade. vontade
